Hi and welcome. You're listening to the X 22 report. My name is Aria in this episode 2805 and today's date is june 21st 2022 the top of the episode is trump trapped. The J six on select committee panic sets in sting of the century. Let's get right into the economic collapse news. Now the deep state, the corrupt politicians fake news, Big tech, the central bank. They are doing exactly what the patriots want them to do. Actually at this point they're not even hiding what they're doing. They have accelerated their plans. They're showing the world, listen, we don't care about fossil fuels, we don't care about this system that we're in. We're going to destroy it and we're going to be moving everyone to the central bank digital currency. Actually joe biden just came out and pretty much said that. And actually this is the second time he's saying this. The White House press secretary is actually saying this While they're denying there's going to be a recession. They're saying no don't worry about it. Didn't they say this about inflation? Didn't they use the same exact argument? We have experts that say there is no inflation, it's just gonna disappear. This is just a little blip. 

Didn't we have the feds say the same thing Janet Yellen say the same thing now they're out there telling everyone there's gonna be no recession. The experts are saying no we don't see it. But the people they understand that yes the economy is breaking down. It's falling apart. The people are awake. they realize what they're trying to do, especially with the announcement that jerome Powell has made that we are now going to be using central currency. Think about with the inflation as it continually increases. Are they going to make the excuse? We need to switch the central bank digital currency to control what is happening today? I do believe so and at this point the people of this country, they're gonna have to make a decision because we're gonna be entering a crisis. We've been saying this from the very, very beginning there's going to be a crisis. The central bank, they're going to make their move. They're gonna try to bring everyone into the central bank digital currency. And on the other side we have gold and Bitcoin. And people are going to make a choice actually as time goes on and people see the value of their fiat currency continually drop and it's worth absolutely nothing. People are gonna start to understand where they need to put their money where they need to transition their currency. And when people say well look at Bitcoin it's it's dropped from 60,000 to 40,000 to 20,000 actually it's back up But let's use 19,000. So it's 19,000. So it takes 19,000 of the Federal reserve note. Pieces of paper To buy one Bitcoin. Think about it gold, it takes 1800 and change of those federal reserve note pieces of paper to buy one ounce of gold. Remember when it started out when Bitcoin was first introduced, it was pretty much equal to the dollar. Going back to the 30's Gold was $35 an ounce. 35 Federal Reserve notes pieces of paper would buy that one ounce of gold and this is the manipulated number. Can you imagine what the real gold price is? I'm sure it's very very close to $17, 18, $19, $19,000 an ounce. And people, they're starting to realize what's happening and as time goes on we're gonna hit that crossroads where people are gonna have to make a decision. And I do believe as they see more as they see their fiat currency continually drop in value. People are gonna start to say, okay I need to protect some of it. 

I need, let me just take a portion and maybe take 1\/10 a quarter of it and let me just protect it and then they're gonna go, wow, okay, wait a minute. Uh the value of my fiat currency is continually dropping but Bitcoin gold, it's pretty much staying steady. Maybe I should move a little bit more into it and this is going to happen over time because what are we seeing, we're seeing the entire system fall apart and remember trump the patriots, they pulled the curtains back on everything. The deep state, the private west Central bank is trying to do and now people can see this very clearly, there's no disaster. There's no war. There's no cover story. There's absolutely nothing, what better way to see everything that is occurring right now than have it completely transparent. That's what we're seeing. And actually have these deep state players that corrupt politicians actually come out and say, hey, by the way, we don't want fossil fuels, we're doing this, we're destroying the economy, making you suffer because we really want to bring you into the green new deal, The great reset. That's pretty much what they're saying now, as the Fed continually tries to get inflation under control and they raise their rates, which we know this is not going to work. All they're going to do is make the economy completely implode. We're seeing the housing market, it's starting to fall apart, It's imploding on itself and the month of May, it's absolutely terrible actually. This is the fourth straight monthly decline and the fifth drop in the last six months in existing home sales And the lowest sar since June 2020. And bear in mind this is maize data before mortgage rates really started to accelerate higher, This is a complete and utter disaster. But let's just go back one year to july 4th 2021. Remember when the White house put out this incredible video saying, look, meat is down, Beaton's is down and they put up this video showing us, Look, everything is down, You're saving money when you're purchasing Your July four food. Well this is a complete and utter disaster for them now because things are not the same. Actually. Now it proves the point that inflation is destroying your currency that you're holding in your hand. It's devaluing right in front of your eyes. 

So let's use an example back then When they talked about July four, they said ground beef, $8.20 in 2021, well in 2022 it's $9.58 hot dogs for $3.80. Today, it's $5.22. Chicken breast back in 2021 was $6.74. Now it's 8000 and 62 cents Cheese was $4.05. Now it's $4.34 cents Ice cream was $4.69. Now it's 5,035 cents. And as we can see, People could see this very, very clearly. Actually, you don't even have to wait 5, 10 years to see this. You just saw this in one year. Now, what happens when ground beef next year is at $15 and everything else goes up? It's going to be complete and utter disaster. And this is what the people are watching. But the reporters were asking biden about the forecast where economists are saying there's a recession coming and this is how biden responded, The majority aren't saying that don't make things up. Okay, now you sound like a Republican politician. I'm joking. That was a joke. That was a joke. So now he's telling people no, this is not true. You're making it up. Didn't he say this when we were talking about inflation, aren't we seeing the same exact thing? And then we have the White House Press Secretary, she says right now, we don't see a recession right now, we're not in a recession right now. Right now, we're in a transition where we're going to go into a place of stable and steady growth. Does anyone believe this? Absolutely not. Basically. They're just lying to the american people. They've lied before and they're going to continue to lie. And what does that mean? That means? The people are going to see the liars, the people that are trying to deceive them, and they're going to see the people that are telling them the truth, and this is going to resonate with people because the people that are going to say, okay, I can't trust you anymore, because you keep telling me something and it never happens. The opposite happens. And now I see we're in a recession, I lost my job. The value of my currency is continually declining. This is a complete and utter disaster. And now I know what your agenda is your agenda is to move us from the system that we're in today into a new system, but I do believe the patriots going back in time. they put certain things into place to counter all of this. And I do believe they did this back in 2000 and 2009 when we had the great recession back then, which they caused and they created something to counter the central bank digital currency because they knew in the future they were going to try to move us into a complete and utter central bank digital currency. 

So they needed something not just gold and silver, but they needed something where people could actually move into it very, very easily and transition their funds without trying to get the physical gold because paper gold, paper silver is not going to work. And I do believe this is what's happening right now. And this is why they've done this. And we see already that Russia, they've already kicked it off. And we see that Russia, yes, they're going to be using Bitcoin, they're going to be using gold, which they're rubble is now backed by. And I do believe we're going to see this spread across the globe now, there's going to be a division, there's going to be a division because we're gonna have the central bank countries pushing what they want and we're going to see the other countries, they're going to be on the other side and there's going to be a division in this world. And I do believe in the end, as the people in this country see this, we're going to be at an economic crossroads. And then the people have to make a decision. And as the deep State players, as the private was, the central bank continually pushes their agenda like trying to bring us into the great reset where they're saying we have to eat bugs by the way out in Canada. Canada has completed the construction of a manufacturing facility to make food from bugs. This is in Ontario And it will generate 9000 metric tons of crickets for people to eat. So that whole conspiracy where you where people were saying, oh, we're gonna have to eat bugs, we're gonna have to be eating weeds and things like that. No, it's not a conspiracy. This is the truth of what they're really trying to do. And as time goes on, people are going to see more and more of the truth. See when people see more and more of the truth, it convinces them going back in time. If I would come out and say in which I did listen, there's gonna be a digital currency. They want to bring us into the great reset. They're going to destroy this system. The funds that you have today in the bank, they're gonna be worth absolutely nothing. They're gonna have complete and utter control of your lives. Most of the people back then said, oh yeah, that's not gonna happen. What is that gonna happen? That's that's just ridiculous. But now we have the announcement from Fed Powell telling us yes, we're moving into the central bank digital currency. You saw in Canada how they froze people's accounts. This is no no longer a conspiracy. You see how they're saying we're gonna eat bugs. This is no longer a conspiracy. Their entire mission right now is to bring us into their new world. But I do believe trump the patriots, they've given us this window to show us everything that they're trying to do and they had to do it without noise, without chaos, without anything with the people seeing it every single day experiencing it everyday, understanding what's going on and actually getting more information as every day passes, seeing their current currency devalue every single day. They're not just getting angry at biden, they're getting angry of what they're trying to do. And this is convincing. More and more people that I need to protect myself, I need to do something so they don't have full control over me. Remember if the entire country decided tomorrow to use Cryptocurrency to pay their employees with Cryptocurrency, the entire country would be out of the private western central bank system, we would have the private central bank system with all the dollars, their central bank digital currency, it would just be sitting there, The banks would be empty, everyone would have their currency which would be Bitcoin in their wallets and they'd be doing business every single day purchasing goods getting paid in Bitcoin and no one would be using the central bank system, which means which means that we were we would not be borrowing this currency and the people then would go about their business detached from the corrupt politicians, detached from the central bank because we really don't need them. Actually, what Bitcoin has shown everyone is that, look, you can do this.